[Teru] Well, what do ya know?
Looks like you're the last man standing.
Damn it! Stupid brats!
Who do you think you are?
-Dust Cyclone!
-[Go] Flamethrower!
[Takeshi, Go]
Combo Attack! Telekinetic Pillar of Flame!
That was nothing!
You shouldn't underestimate me--
[groans]
Way to go, you two. Good job.
You've gotten stronger.
We've been practicing every day.
It's all thanks
to what you taught us, Teru.
We appreciate the help, Takeuchi.
[Takeuchi] There's no need to thank me.
I defected from the organization as well.
[Terada] And I acted like I betrayed you
to launch a surprise attack.
Good thing I can think on my feet
and not fold during an intense situation.
[tense music playing]
I think-- Hey, what the--
-Why can't I move?
-[Teru] Kaito.
[Kaito] Lie-Detection Telepathy!
Everything's okay.
He hasn't betrayed us yet.
Hey, what do ya mean by "yet"?
So, what should we do now?
Reigen said we didn't have
to fight these guys head on,
but I'm beginning to think otherwise.
We have to take our city back.
["99.9" playing]
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ Can't you feel your own frustration? ♪
♪ Coming down ♪
♪ Could you fill your satisfaction? ♪
♪ You're a Mob ♪
♪ What do you want to be? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Break it down ♪
♪ Ninety-nine point nine!
Ninety-nine point nine! ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Cryin' my life, cryin' my psyche ♪
♪ Cryin' my heart in such common places ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ The Mob is alive ♪
♪ The Mob is high ♪
♪ The Mob is staying frustrated
Aren't you? ♪
♪ Is that your ideal? Is that your mind? ♪
[singing in Japanese]
♪ Your life is your own ♪
♪ Get ready! Wake your psyche up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! Dig your anger up, Mob! ♪
♪ Get ready! ♪
[song concludes]
GUIDANCE
~PSYCHIC SENSOR~
[Toichiro] Pathetic dogs.
They forget how terrifying
their master can be
if he's not there to remind
them every minute.
-[pensive music playing]
-[Toichiro] Sho is here.
-Okay, let's go.
-[Sho] Hey, Ritsu.
I'm curious.
Why are you being so cooperative?
I think it's because
I can relate to what you're going through.
There are times when I worry
about what would happen
if my brother went berserk
with his powers.
Right now, that's exactly
what your father's doing.
And you're probably the only
one who can stop him.
Yeah! I know I can!
I'll show you that I can finish this.
[gasps] There he is, it's Shimazaki!
[Ritsu] I can tell just by looking.
He's really strong!
[Sho] He's a teleporter who can
read his enemy's movements.
-I think we should--
-[Ritsu] You go on ahead.
I'll stay behind and keep him busy.
You can't handle him on your own.
He's one of the strongest
in the whole organization.
That's why I'm staying.
In return, you've gotta promise me,
you'll stop your father.
All right, you have my word.
I sure am glad to have you around.
[Ritsu] Go!
[tense music playing]
[grunts]
[Ritsu] Where'd he go? [gasps]
[pants]
[Ritsu] Guess he's not gonna follow Sho--
-[Shimazaki] Looking for me?
-[grunts]
[Shimazaki] Listen, I'd appreciate it
if you wouldn't resist so much.
Bullying the weak isn't exactly my style.
Don't flatter yourself.
You're as weak as I am!
-[Shimazaki] Oh yeah?
-[gasps]
[Shimazaki] You're about to find out
just how wrong you are.
[groans]
[Sho] I should've taken him out
way before it got to this point.
But I was so powerless,
I couldn't do anything
but sit back and watch.
[Hatori] That's far enough.
Such a shame to come
all this way for nothing.
Now you'll have to deal with me.
[Sho] My dad uses his abilities for evil.
I'm going to use mine
to show him what's right!
I'll put an end to this!
[music concludes]
[Mob] How awful. Someone did
this with their psychic powers?
[Dimple] They're using that tower
as their base.
Reigen and the others should be here soon.
[glass shattering]
Hey. Some brat just walked up.
Too scared to run?
I grabbed some good stuff for dinner!
Now they're looting.
[Mob] I've gone
to that store with Ritsu before.
Put back what you took.
Stealing's a crime.
-You should know better.
-Who the hell are you, kid?
-[Claw member 1 chuckles]
-[Claw member 2] Don't you watch the news?
This town belongs to us now.
[Claw member 3 laughs] Yo! Easy!
You're gonna traumatize him.
-[wind gusting]
-Listen to me. You shouldn't do this.
Don't use your powers this way.
-Stop.
-[grunts]
No, he couldn't be.
Is this kid a natural esper?
Tell me,
could you guys manufacture this can?
-[tense music playing]
-[Claw member 2] Huh?
Could you actually plant
and grow the vegetables
in this sandwich?
Or fix that glass door you broke?
Could psychic powers help you
come up with a useful invention?
Or heal someone who's sick?
What're you trying to say?
Sorry, but you guys
are making a huge mistake.
You believe you're special
just because of your psychic abilities.
None of you would
be able to survive on your own.
Not without the help of other people.
[Claw member 3] Whatever, jackass!
As long as you have power,
you can make anyone submit to you!
Oh, that reminds me,
never use your powers against others.
If you haven't come across
someone who can show you why,
then allow me.
[Dimple] Crap! He's pissed.
I'm gonna get back.
-[Claw member 2] He's making a move!
-[Claw member 3] Gather everyone up!
[Minegishi] Well, well.
Looks like we had quite the stray
show up at our doorstep.
Minegishi!
I'll take him down. You guys back me up.
[gasps]
[Minegishi] These things
will keep growing forever
as long as I give them enough energy.
On top of that,
I can make as many as I want.
[Mob grunts]
Guess you can do it too.
Seems to me,
you don't really like plants, do you?
[Minegishi] That's right.
They're nothing but tools.
[tense music continues]
[Claw member 4] All right! Drop him!
[Claw member 3] Don't let Minegishi down!
[Claw member 4]
Hit him with your telekinesis!
[Ritsu grunts, groans]
[Shimazaki] Fighting those
more powerful than you is useless.
You should join our side.
[Ritsu] That might be a little easier.
But it isn't half as much fun.
[Shimazaki] Hmm.
The difference in our skills
should be obvious by now.
Sure you won't change your mind?
Maybe you just need a bit more persuasion.
[grunts]
[Ritsu] I always wanted
to be able to use psychic powers.
But now that mine
have finally awakened,
I've come to understand something.
What I really wanted
was to give something
every ounce of energy I had.
To shed all the blood,
sweat, and tears inside me
to ensure I could live a fun life.
I won't let you or anyone take that away!
Guess you might not be such
a good fit for us after all.
No hard feelings, kid.
Oh, man.
I managed to land a hit on him!
[Shimazaki] My, my.
You're more resilient than I'd imagined.
[Sakurai] We need to repay you
for what you did.
Guess you're not sewer rats.
You're cockroaches.
[Tsuchiya] We've changed
since we were in Claw.
[Muraki] Now that we're living
on our own terms,
you'll find we're much stronger.
But that won't change the outcome.
[Teru] Don't act so tough.
We know you're panicking.
You can read our moves, but at some point,
there'll be too many of us
to keep up with.
It's time for round two!
[Terada grunts]
-[Tsuchiya] Takeuchi!
-[grunts]
-[Takeuchi] Tsuchiya!
[Takeuchi grunts]
[grunts]
[Koyama] Not happening, freak show!
[dramatic music playing]
[gasps]
[grunts]
[Shimazaki]
Aren't you gonna shoot? [grunts]
Uh--
[Shimazaki] Trying to pin me down
is a waste of time.
[grunts]
-[pants]
-[Shimazaki] I told you.
Nothing you do will change the outcome.
Hmm?
Oh?
[Teru] Keep hitting him hard and fast!
The more we do
the easier it is to tell
where he'll teleport!
[Mob] They're stronger
than the division guys.
Don't let up, Shigeo!
Yes! He's scared now! Keep it up!
[Claw members gasp, scream]
-Looks like you're having some trouble.
-[Mob] Aren't you…
I'm happy to lend you a hand
with him if you like.
Go, my children!
It's Matsuo, the evil-spirit user!
[Claw member 1] He's gonna
launch a monster-assault on us!
[Minegishi]
You shouldn't underestimate me.
Matsuo! [grunts]
[Claw member 2]
What's with the weird bottle?
Talk about bad taste.
[Matsuo] No! Please! Anything but that!
Even I can't control him! Don't touch it!
Dumbass.
With Minegishi on our side,
nothing scares us!
[Matsuo gasps]
Huh? What happened?
Why is everyone-- [groans]
[groans]
What the hell? What is that?
[Mob] Mogami!
Not good.
What happened to him?
[Mogami] First,
you trap me in the Poison Jar,
and now you want me to devour espers.
You're such lowly creatures.
[gasps] What the hell is that thing?
[Minegishi] My plants!
They aren't listening to me!
[yells]
[music concludes]
WINNER
WI
[Minegishi grunts]
-[Mob] No! Stop!
-[Mogami] Why should I?
I've been watching,
and none of these insects deserve to live.
Some people never change,
no matter how many chances you give them.
But they still might be able to!
Promise you won't do
anything bad ever again!
I… I promise, I won't.
Just spare me, please!
See?
[Mogami]
What if he's just lying to stay alive?
Are you going to personally watch over
these people to see if they've reformed?
Do you think you can keep
an eye on them forever?
[Mob] Well, no.
But we need to have faith
in one another to get through life.
If we can't do that,
then we'll never get anywhere.
[Mogami] Predictable, coming from you.
But there are things in this world
that can't be solved
with mere kindness.
Sometimes, it's necessary
to be tough on people.
If you can learn to do that,
you will be invincible, Shigeo Kageyama.
[Dimple] Do you think Mogami
disappeared for good this time or…
Be tough on people, huh?
I'm not very good at that.
I finally made it here
and Claw's finished, Father!
Sho. Surely, there's a better way
for us to handle this.
We're family, after all.
What? So now you want
to act like a father?
You've never cared
about a damn thing I did or said.
Should've attacked
while playing the obedient son.
-What a wasted opportunity.
-[grunts]
[Toichiro] Now don't get in my way
any further.
It took me 20 years to get to this point.
[Sho] So what?
Seeing all those years
go down the drain serves you right!
I'm just as strong as the Ultimate 5!
Come on! Fight me, man to man!
Don't make me laugh.
-You underestimate me.
-[grunts]
So, you've got a powerful barrier
that activates
when I get too close.
Is that your true power?
In that case…
[snaps fingers]
[gasps, groans]
Damn it! He's mocking me! [gasps]
[Toichiro]
These techniques are child's play.
How disappointing.
I thought you would've grown
a little more than that.
Oh, you've learned to control
the degree of light refraction around you?
[Sho] Here's the ace up my sleeve!
Three months' worth of stored-up energy.
Charge Bomb!
Hell yeah! Justice prevails!
[gasps]
Really sorry.
Bad time for my bathroom break.
No, that's all right.
This is just his rebellious phase.
Misbehaving again?
You won't turn out
to be a decent adult like that.
Screw you!
That was three months' worth of energy!
[Serizawa] Let's stop fighting
and take over the world together!
What do you say?
Don't bother. His mind's made up.
But I understand
why Sho disagrees with what I'm doing.
You fear this plan will fail, don't you?
Well, that's because
you don't know the truth.
While I was seeking out
new members of Claw,
the real reason I went around the world
was to see if global domination
would actually be possible.
But after my search,
I couldn't find a single esper
stronger than me, anywhere.
I have been bestowed
with the ultimate power.
[Sho] And you think
that somehow gives you the right
to take over the world?
Hear that, Serizawa? He's crazy!
Totally messed up in the head!
President, you're so cool.
[Sho grunts] Idiots with power
are the worst to deal with!
[Toichiro] Your last attack
was quite impressive.
The apple doesn't fall far from the tree.
Don't talk like that! We're not the same!
[Toichiro] You said you'd been
charging up energy and saving it
for the past three months?
I have the same ability.
-What?
-[Toichiro] Didn't I tell you?
I've spent the past 20 years
preparing for this moment.
[Sho] You weren't just gathering troops
and scouting around. You were--
Would you like to see a little
of what I've been saving up?
-[gunshots]
-[Sakurai groans]
[Shimazaki] You poor Scars
don't know when to quit, do you?
Just face it.
You're outgunned and outmatched.
Shut it! You're a damn coward
who doesn't have the guts
to go against the boss!
[chuckles] The reason he named you "Scars"
is 'cause you're
all disappointments. Failures.
Every one of you was considered
damaged goods from the start.
[grunts] I'll Show you "damaged"!
Telekinetic Helix!
[groans]
-[Tsuchiya yells]
-Even my most basic abilities
as an esper are far more powerful
than all of yours combined.
I'll say it one more time.
Stop resisting and give up.
[gunshots]
[Sakurai] You say that but
that manhole cover
hurt just now, didn't it?
[gasps] Hey, Teru!
Yeah. So, it looks like if he can't detect
the attack in advance
then he can't stop it.
He's the one who's been cornered here!
[sighs deeply] You are a smart one,
aren't you?
-And that means…
-[Teru grunts]
…you'll be the first to die.
But you won't be the last.
[tense dramatic music playing]
[gasps, screams]
[yells]
[grunts]
[Shimazaki yells]
[Tsuchiya] This is bad. He'll kill him.
What can we do?
Enough. It's time to end this.
-[gasps]
-[Teru] Next, from behind!
How did you--
[Teru] It might be convenient
to be able to read your opponents' moves
but it makes your own
movements really simplistic.
You rely too much on your powers.
[grunts, yells]
[Shimazaki] Well, I'm shocked.
'Cause other than the boss,
the world's greatest esper is yours truly.
[laughs] Don't flatter yourself!
There are people in this world
with abilities you can't even fathom.
You're not that special at all.
I mean, even I could defeat you.
Why you-- [grunts]
[Ritsu] You're right!
It's when he's distracted!
[Teru] Nice one! Way to go, Ritsu!
[Tsuchiya grunts] Fifth Punch!
Super Destructive Energy Blast!
[Shimazaki grunts, groans]
[grunts]
[Shimazaki] Get a hold of yourself.
[yells]
[Shimazaki whimpers] You need to focus…
Just concentrate
and you'll figure everything out.
Everyone here is an esper.
Ignore everything but them.
Concentrate. Concentrate.
Mind's Eye!
[music concludes]
[Shimazaki] There's nothing you can do
that will ever work on me again.
Your injuries, the weaknesses
you're not even aware of yet.
Your blurred vision.
I can see through anything and everything.
It's too late to have any regrets.
-[gasps]
-[Teru] What's wrong?
-[tense music playing]
-[Shimazaki] It feels like
something with tremendous energy
is heading this way.
I'm pretty sure I know who that would be.
I guess you finally woke up, Kageyama.
[Shimazaki laughs] You're kidding, right?
Let's see whose abilities
could possibly be greater!
[chuckles maliciously]
Now, come at me,
and I'll face you head-on!
Self-Defense Rush!
[narrator] Another one
of Reigen's special moves!
When it's unclear
if it's actually self-defense,
he'll yell out,
"Self-Defense" just to be safe.
[yells, groans]
Impossible! I couldn't sense him at all.
Who is he?
Hey, Reigen!
[Muraki] Everyone, get up!
The great master is here!
[Shimazaki] What did he say?
Don't tell me--
There's an esper who can make
every trace of his presence disappear?
What should I do? Withdraw?
Master.
-This one is actually really strong.
-Huh?
So please step back.
I can handle him.
[Shimazaki] That boy from earlier,
and this unknown esper.
How many are there?
Are they actually a huge organization?
More importantly, this kid
is on an entirely different level.
[scoffs]
Look, I give up, okay?
It's not worth the risk. I'm done.
[Reigen] Well, that was a lot easier
than I thought it'd be.
What happened to taking over the world?
The boss is the only one gunning for that.
As long as I'm having fun,
I don't really care.
-[Mob] As long as you're having fun?
-Huh?
You disrupted the lives
of all those people just for that?
-Are you serious?
-[gasps]
[Terada] The little coward ran away!
Does that even count as a win?
Who knows? He may strike again.
No, I'm pretty sure he's gone for good.
After going through that,
he'll probably change
his ways from now on.
-Shige.
-Ah, Ritsu! You okay?
Yeah. And Mom and Dad
are somewhere safe and sound too.
Thank goodness.
It's just like Dimple and Master said.
[Dimple] That was one
hell of a scare, huh?
[Reigen] Ah, shut up.
I guess all we have left is the last boss.
Hoshino and the others should
be getting people to safety.
Let's regroup with them
and begin our attack.
No. You've all suffered injuries.
I'll go in alone.
[Teru] Wait, Kageyama!
What are you talking about?
I wanna go too!
One of my friends already went in!
-[somber music playing]
-[Mob] No.
This might be hard to hear,
but you'll just be in my way.
I'm sorry.
[Dimple] "Be tough on people."
So that's how Shigeo
interpreted what Mogami told him.
Dimple, stay with him.
Yeah, yeah I know.
[music concludes]
["Memosepia" playing]
[song concludes]
[footsteps approaching]
[Dimple] Aren't you scared
to do this on your own?
-[pensive music playing]
-[Mob] Of course. But, still.
Having someone else get hurt
scares me even more.
I'm sure, I'll figure something out.
[Dimple] Crap!
I'm trying to take advantage of him
while he's still a kid,
but Shigeo's going
to be an adult before I know it.
-[clack]
-[Mob] Hmm?
[Serizawa] Damn. You're just a small fry.
Are you even in middle school?
This is a really bad time
for a field trip.
Would you be so kind
as to leave the premises?
[Reigen] Mob finally
infiltrates the enemy's base.
Can he get past Serizawa
and make it to the boss?
After defeating his son Sho,
the boss reveals his true identity.
Next time on Mob Psycho 100 II,
episode 12,
"The Battle
for Social Rehabilitation, Friendship."
Option C, buys Blu-rays,
manga, and event tickets!